<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<TEI xmlns="http://www.tei-c.org/ns/1.0">
   <teiHeader>
      <fileDesc>
         <titleStmt>
            <title>Spanish-English FreeDict Dictionary</title>
            <respStmt>
               <!--for the freedict database-->
               <resp>Maintainer</resp>
               <name>[up for grabs]</name>
            </respStmt>
         </titleStmt>
         <editionStmt>
            <edition>0.3.1</edition>
         </editionStmt>
         <extent>4502 headwords</extent>
         <publicationStmt>
            <publisher>FreeDict</publisher>
            <availability status="free">
               <p>Copyright (C) 1999-2019 by various authors listed below.</p>
               <p>Available under the terms of the <ref target="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html">GNU General Public License ver. 2.0 and any later version</ref>.</p>
               <p>This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
                  terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
                  Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
                  version.</p>
               <p>This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
                  WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
                  PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.</p>
               <p>You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this
                  program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place -
                  Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.</p>
            </availability>
            <pubPlace>
               <ref target="http://freedict.org/">http://freedict.org/</ref>
            </pubPlace>
            <date when="2019-04-30">30th of April 2019</date>
         </publicationStmt>
         <notesStmt>
            <note type="status">too small</note>
         </notesStmt>
         <sourceDesc>
            <p>Home: <ptr target="http://www.travlang.com/" />
            </p>
            <p>This Database was generated from Ergane.</p>
         </sourceDesc>
      </fileDesc>
      <encodingDesc>
         <projectDesc>
            <p>This dictionary comes to you through nice people making it available for free and for
        good. It is part of the FreeDict project, <ref target="http://freedict.org/">http://freedict.org/</ref>. This project aims to make translating
        dictionaries available for free. Your contributions are welcome!</p>
         </projectDesc>
      </encodingDesc>
      <revisionDesc>
          <change when="2019-04-30">
             <name>Tom Green</name>
             Minor corrections
          </change>
          <change n="0.3" when="2017-12-09">
              <name>Sebastian Humenda</name>
              <list>
                  <item>update licencing stanza (thanks to Karl Bartel)</item>
                  <item>remove duplicated entries</item>
              </list>
          </change>
          <change n="0.2" when="2015-02-27" who="#humenda">
              <date>2015-02-27</date>
              <name>Sebastian Humenda</name>: remove Esperanto words in parenthesis from translations
          </change>
         <change when="2010-10-25">
            <date>2010-10-25</date>
            <name>Piotr Bański</name>: Conversion of TEI P4 source into P5 via tools/freedict_P4toP5.xsl; manual clean-up. We are back to version from before Michael
        Bunk's re-import from Ergane of 2006-12-22 that was rolled back due to Ergane's cryptic
        change of database licensing. Multi-word equivalents should be split by spaces. There are also what look like Esperanto equivalents tacked onto some equivalents.</change>
         <change>
            <date>2005-02-12</date>
            <name>Michael Bunk</name>Converted file to TEI P4</change>
         <change>
            <date>2000-04-30</date>
            <name>Horst Eyermann</name>Database was converted to TEI format and checked into CVS</change>
         <change>
            <date>2000-01-01</date>
            <name>Horst Eyermann</name>This Database was generated from ergane,
	  http://www.travlang.com - Thanks!</change>
      </revisionDesc>
   </teiHeader>
   <text>
      <body>
         <entry>
            <form>
               <orth>Adán</orth>
            </form>
            <sense>
               <cit type="trans">
                  <quote>Adam</quote>
               </cit>
            </sense>
         </entry>
         <entry>
            <form>
               <orth>Alcorán</orth>
            </form>
            <sense>
               <cit type="trans">
                  <quote>Koran</quote>
               </cit>
            </sense>
         </entry>
         <!-- Inicio del objeto entry -->
         <entry>
           <form>
              <orth>volar</orth>
           </form>
           <sense>
              <cit type="trans">
                 <quote>fly</quote>
              </cit>
           </sense>
        </entry>
        <!-- Final del objeto entry -->
      </body>
    </text>
</TEI>
